hey guys okay today's video is about my
hair because I got a request to do kind
of like how I got my hair pink and I
mean I wasn't gonna do this video at
first because I'm not an expert like I
don't know anything about hair I just I
watched some tutorials here on YouTube
and then I tried and experimented and
you know that's how it turned out and
it's pretty nice
like considering I don't know anything
about here it's like the big disclaimer
of this video I just I don't know how
it's gonna turn out on your hair I don't
know anything about hair types or a hair
color I just know that you have to have
really really light blonde hair either
bleached or natural in order to get
something like a pastel color and what I
also heard is that if you bleach your
hair you should wave like one or two
weeks until you actually like diet I'm
just gonna explain how I did it and you
know I basically did it the same way
that most people do it so what you're
gonna need is of course your hair dye I
use directions I use carnation pink next
you're gonna need some kind of bowl
mixing bowl I use a kind of professional
one I got off of Amazon for like three
euros so it's really cheap and like any
Bowl with work you just have to keep in
mind that it could be stained and you're
gonna need those little here just these
brushes that are made for dyeing your
hair and you're gonna need a lot of
conditioner I use almost a big like a
full bottle of conditioner for my hair
length and I mean I don't have long hair
so if you have really long hair you're
gonna need a lot of conditioner then you
put all the conditioner if your needs in
your goal and and then you add little
bits off the hair dye because you don't
want to put it all in at one
because it might be too much I would
always just have less and add more depth
having too much and then like you can't
really take it out you know you kind of
mix the hair dye and the conditioner
until you get a color that you want and
that you desire and like just a little
disclaimer I've tried this with like
purple and stuff it never turns out the
way it is in your little bowl because
you're gonna have some kind of yellow
undertones in your hair and it's maybe
you know won't really pick up the color
as well as it should so you know don't
go in with too high expectations if
you're doing it yourself and if it's not
professional it's probably not gonna be
the best after you have your desired
color and you mix it all up and you
really you really need to mix it up
perfectly like that's the most important
step for me so you have your mixture and
then you just want to part your hair the
way you would like to I usually do like
my frog pieces and then in the back I
have like four pieces I think I did um
so then I don't miss any spots so I
first went in from my roots tried to get
them all covered evenly then I put some
more dye in my lengths and kind of
massage it in and if you don't want to
have pink palms weird rest of the day I
would recommend getting some kind of
plastic gloves or whatever but if you
wash your hands after every section
there shouldn't be a problem like I
didn't end up with pink palms you want
to repeat like doing your roots and your
lengths for all of your hair then you're
just gonna wait and I use it like on the
directions color it says for the like
pure colors you should wait 15 minutes
and like the tutorials that I watched
the people said that they waited for
like one hour or maybe three hours but I
didn't want to damage my hair that much
so I only waited for like 45 minutes to
one hour because there is gonna be a
point where your hair is just
gonna take up anymore colors so why
bother keeping it on your hair so after
that you just wanna wash your hair like
you normally would and you're done
basically okay so um that's it with this
video I hope this was kind of helpful so
hope you enjoyed it hope you have a
great day and I will see you soon bye